When My Love Blooms
You must have given it lots of thought,
judging from how sunken your face has become.
After that day, I kept thinking about it.
Why you would be doing this.
You're someone who had an affair before Young Min could even walk.
You're someone who gave up custody without a second thought in court.
Why are you suddenly talking about reclaiming rights to custody?
Why are your efforts to bring down the person I'm having an affair with,
greater than your efforts to actually bring back your son?
How could your rights to custody over your son have been placed on the same scale as Han Jae Hyeon?
Have you found the answer to why that could've happened?
25 years ago, my dad told me something about opportunity cost.
To choose one, you must give up another.
You can either pick the thing you want the most, or avoid the thing you fear the most.
You have to pick one or the other.
So?
I...
decided to avoid what I fear the most.
Then and now,
the thing I dread the most
is that person being ruined because of me.
Whether my choice is correct or not,
I will return to you.
When My Love Blooms
Episode 7
It's not like you're being dragged to hell.
Your sad expression is a bit much.
I'm sure it'll get better.
I'm sure you've changed, but so have I.
I'm not dumb enough to make the same mistake twice.
How should we proceed with the marriage?
Do whatever you want.
I'll give you some time, so take care of anything you need to.
Especially... things like relationships of the past.
We're breezing through because you're complying so well with our investigation.
Let's continue after a meal. What would you like, ox bone soup or hangover soup?
I'll go with the hangover soup.
Hyeong Seong Group Vice President Han Jae Hyeon in prosecution for borrowed-name shares.
You shouldn't have sought out Ji Soo.
He filed for a return of custody.
Ji Soo's ex-husband.
Is it because... of what happened at school?
No. It's because of you.
He said he suspects an affair.
It's basically green onion soup.
I love green onion so much, so I always put this much in.
It's crunchy but cheap, and leaves your mouth with a refreshing aftertaste.
Green onion is the best as grabbing any excessively oily tastes.
I started putting in more and more green onion as I worked here.
Vice President, when are you going to reveal the next big thing?
What are you talking about?
You shouldn't belittle Korea's prosecutors.
Listen.
On one bright and sunny day,
a few files about Hyeong Seong group arrived to our prosecutors office.
It was organized so well that it was easy to read and understand in a glance.
We were wondering what this was.
Then a few days after,
the same things were being discussed in the newspaper and on broadcast.
If someone didn't know any better, they might think we released the news ourself.
As an unofficial report.
Is that what happened?
Since then, we went on as we usually would,
and that lead to us bringing you here for an investigation.
You, who ended up here,
came alone, without a lawyer that all rich people hold onto so dearly.
You've spoken freely about this whole case, without no mismatch or mistake with the evidence we already have.
I didn't need any of these questions I have prepared ahead of time.
If investigations were always like this, being a prosecutor would be easy.
Don't you think these details add sum on the picture? It's not a mere coincidence.
The prosecutors of this country are not like buses or subway trains that travel a set path according to schedule.
We're definitely not like some tax who comes and goes whenever you call.
Won't you tell me now... what your next plans are.
Eat up... before your green onion gets cold.
('green onion soup' sounds like the word for collapse/distruction in Korean)
Let's move on.
Sir, do you have anything to tell us?
Are you really involved in this?
Please tell us something!
How did it go?
It went well.
Who did it go well for?
What are you talking about?
Did it go well for you, or did it go well for my dad?
Which side is better for you?
Me? I hope it went for both sides.
Together, without conflict.
For now, there will be no issues for either side.
Are there any other issues?
Other things, not related to work.
I wish you would act as you always have.
Okay. Beating around the bush doesn't suit me, and I can't do it.
Yoon Ji Soo... is there nothing going on with her?
A pending file to return custody.
I know about that much? Is that good for you?
For now.
What happened to your feet?
I walked around so much.
Why did you do that?
Because I disliked them.
Who is it this time?
Me.
You have a temper.
Goodness, you're in such horrible condition.
Your feet look like they belong to a princess.
Why do you use them so carelessly?
You have to cherish yourself if you want others to cherish you, too.
Granny... can you be my mom?
Why would I be your mom?
Just because...
Because I miss my mom.
I want someone to call me crazy,
and hit some sense into me.
Is something really wrong?
It hurts, the ointment.
Just push through a bit.
It'll get better soon.
There's no wound in the world that won't heal.
Granny, you're really smart.
Did you only just find out?
It isn't good to laugh while crying!
-Yes?
-Is this Mrs.Yoon Ji Soo?
Who is this?
Hey! Ji Soo you don't even remember your brother-in-law's voice?
Dong Jin Sunbae?
Wow. You haven't changed a bit.
The top three beauty of the class of '93 seems to still fit you well.
You too.
Of course. I don't look my age at all.
The problem is thatI am constantly going to keep looking younger.
I sometimes feel like I'm going to become a baby at some point.
and although I may not seem like it, I'm amazing at this kind of stuff.
So that's why I'm saying, I'll take charge. The child custody case.
Divorce is my specialty, so I can deal with the child custody case with my eyes closed.
"I don't want to lose to the likes of someone else" That is  my firm's slogan.
Anyway. Consider yourself really lucky because I can make the divorce process a breeze.
- Sunbae.
-Ah it's okay.
Don't worry about it. Especially with a relationship like ours.
I'm not going to take legal action.
You're not? Ah. Is it because of the money?
Although it is true that I am the best divorce attorney in all of Korea
You, especially, are free of charge.
How could I take money from you?
I am grateful for your consideration.
However, I decided not to pursue the legal action.
She cancelled it? Why so suddenly?
I don't know.
You should have figured out exactly why.
Isn't it good news if she decides not to take action?
It would be weirder to ask why she won't be pursuing it.
-Hey Joon Woo
-Yes.
It looks like you will have to follow someone.
I'll say that you took a vacation, use someone else for the time being so move inconspicuously.
Yes. I understand. But, who will I be following?
Attorney Lee Se Hoon. Ji Soo's ex-husband.
From the time he leaves  his house until the time he comes back
find out where he's been, who he's with, what he's doing without missing a single detail.
Yes. I understand.
Welcome.
- Hello.
- Why do you greet me like that all time like we're strangers.
you should say "I'm home" instead.
I'm sorry.
Go wash up.
That boy is so feminine.
Is it because he's always with his mom?
We've decided to reconcile.
What?
- Do what?
- Reconcile.
Have you been swayed by that tool?
It's been decided that way, so please deal with it.
If you show your discontent to Young Min, I won't see you.
I enjoyed watching it.
How is this place?
I think it's nice.
You like it here and you liked the previous place too. You like them all?
You lack some backbone for a boy, son.
One second. Keep playing okay?
Dad said this is the house we will be living together in.
Ji Soo
- Hey Hye-Jeong.
-Yeah
When you have free time
what do you when you start to have these thoughts when you aren't doing something?
I go home and sleep.
A lesson got cancelled, so going home doesn't seem right.
Go drink coffee.
I won't be able to sleep. I have trouble sleeping as it is.
Then just drink.
I'm not crazy though.
Think about it carefully. It could be true.
Hey. What about Lone-Corner?
Lone Corner?
Is that for boxing? Blue corner, red corner, something like that?
Goodness. Coin Karaoke Alone. Don't you know?
(She used an abbreviation before)
♫ Tonight,  ♫
♫ I couldn't tell you.   ♫
♫ Forgive me for expressing  ♫
♫ these feelings on paper ♫
♫ For a long time ♫
♫ I loved you so much I was scared.  ♫
♫ Now,  ♫
♫ I might regret that. ♫
♫ But dear you, ♫
♫ even if you forget everything else ♫
♫ I hope you remember ♫
♫ just this one thing.  ♫
♫ Just how much  ♫
♫ I ... ♫
♫  love you, even now. ♫
♫ How much I love you. ♫
Are you okay?
You're getting a remarriage?
That's not something to be proud of when you live poorly.
You have to hurry and clean it up, you'll get hurt.
What's your real reason?
Is it Jae Hyeon again?
It's not. It's because of Young Min.
You got a divorce because of Young Min.
You know too much about me. I should keep my distance.
You... know nothing about me.
- Me? Hey, I even know what girls are your ty-
- Ouch.
Does it hurt to press on it?
Maybe the glass got embedded, let's see.
Can you hold this?
I don't think anything's in there. Why does it hurt?
It hurts because of you.
What are you saying?
I hurt because of you.
Because I like you.
I... like you.
I'm not against your remarriage because that takes away an opportunity from me.
If that was the case, I wouldn't have just watch from afar for all these years.
There's no glass, so raise your hand above you head.
I saw in a movie
that if you finger is above your heart, it'll stop bleeding.
I just lost a friend.
Will you listen to me... if I stay as a friend?
I didn't confess because I also didn't want to lose my only friend.
It wasn't too bad, because we had no reason to split up.
But I want to stop now.
I want to move from behind you to beside you.
I can't watch you walking into a hellish fire like that.
I'm going to interfere with your life,
Yeong Woo...
I don't think we can see each other anymore.
I won't be able to come here once I return to Young Min's dad,
but we're saying farewell earlier than I expected.
Put some ointment on it, instead of a bandage. You need air to flow to it.
Vacuum and mop the floors.
Anyways, I'll be going now.
Thank you, Yeong Woo.
I'm sorry.
Liberation of Labor
Okay.
April, 1995.
These are all things from your room.
Are you still not part of an anti-government group?
They're book about the history of philosophy.
They're cultural pieces that are used in the school's curriculum.
"Building Socialism Through Worker's Solidarity"
It's written here so blatantly, but it's a 'cultural piece'?
Freedom of thought is protected by the constitution.
How can it protect a thought that is going to overturn the law?
Ji Soo... has always been kind and full of affection.
As such, she was soft-hearted and could never stand her ground.
She's always thought of others and been grateful for them,
giving others whatever she had.
But what returned was always manipulation, betrayal, and empty hands.
She's always been the dearest to me, so it was even more infuriating.
I was always worried that she might tread a thorny path.
If you don't give up Ji Soo,
you will spend a few years in jail.
You won't be able to graduate or get a job.
Are you using your public power for personal matters right now?
Well, you could think that.
I won't stay still.
I will tell the world you used your power as a prosecutor to avenge personal matters.
Your parents are here.
Ji Soo and your parents have said they will do anything for you.
What are you doing for them?
Are you doing something so great that their sacrifices
are something to be taken for granted?
Jae Hyeon.
Are you okay?
Seoul Metropolitan Prosecutors Office
Ji Soo and your parents have said they will do anything for you.
have said they will do anything for you.
What are you doing for them?
Are you doing something so great that their sacrifices
are something to be taken for granted?
Goodness...
[Warning]
Restricted Zone
May 1995
Jae Hyeon doesn't need tofu because he wasn't actually in jail.
Still...
Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?
You're not going to do protests anymore, right?
Will you graduate on time?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Nanair, Frankfurt
Jae Hyeon and I both gave each other up.
Why do I have to study abroad?
I'm sorry, but I don't trust you.
"Out of sight, out of mind."
I trust this phrase more.
Now, you may feel like dying without him.
I guarantee in a month, you'll forget him.
On top of that, your major is classical music.
Go to where it originated, and into the bigger world to take your studies seriously.
to take your studies seriously.
Since when have you been so considerate of me?
Don't waste your money on a daughter that doesn't even please you and let me stay here.
Even if Chopin were to return from the dead, I don't want to go.
If you know you've haven't been pleasing me, then start doing as I say.
I really might die.
That's too bad.
Why do you keep coming here instead of going to school to study?
I don't want to go to school.
Why? You practically lived at school before.
I don't want to see all the kids who protest.
Why not? Do they say something to you?
They don't say anything to me. They whisper behind my back.
What do they say behind your back then?
That I've changed because of a girl.
That's not true.
You told me you broke up with her.
Are you okay?
I'm not going to school to try to be okay.
If I go to school, then Ji Soo is everywhere.
Ji Soo,
when you arrive at the Frankfurt airport, the homestay owner will be waiting for you. He's Korean.
Sis, apparently he's super good looking. You're so lucky!
Who cares if the homestay owner is good looking?
- Not the owner.
- Ji Young!
- What are you talking about?
- Huh?
It's nothing.
Won't you tell me?
He's the youngest son from the Sungkuk Industry, and I heard he's studying abroad near you.
Is this the Joseon Dynasty? Do you want me to get an arranged marriage?
What do you mean, marriage? I'm just saying try meeting him.
♫  Perhaps, someday we will remember  ♫
♫  The promises we kept hidden within our memories. ♫
♫  Everything steeped in love passes by  ♫
♫  ♫
I've found you.
-  Yoon Ji Soo
I wondered whether or not to tell you...
But I think you should at least see her before she leaves.
I heard from Woong Dae today
That Ji Too is leaving the country today, to study in Germany
♫  Perhaps, we would pass through the same place  ♫
♫  ♫
But what is in Gang Chon?
There is an inn run by a Sunbae I know
I could just stay at your house.
If I were your parents, I will search my house first.
We could stay at the inn for a few days.
I am not looking to stay for a few days.
You are not planning to go back home?
Yes.
What do you plan to do then?
I plan to marriage you.
Gang Chon
-  Let's write here too
-  Write what?
Jae Hyun and Ji Soo were here.
Let's not do things like that.
I hear Germany's Heidelberg Castle is covered with Korean tourists' graffiti.
Don't talk about Germany.
Hyung Sung
It looks like he's planning to move.
He's looking at houses.
- Houses?
Yes. Mainly pastoral houses in the suburban area.
He takes his son with him, when he goes to look at houses.
He takes Yeong Min?
Yes. It's seems like they might live together.
Why am in pain? Because I like you.
Because I like you.
I will give you time. If you need to tidy up anything, do so. Especially...
Especially things like lingering old flames.
Dad said it's the house where we will live together.
Nothing is easy.
It's okay. It's okay.
You seem hurt.
I bumped into something.
Are you okay?
Yes, I am fine.
But then, why did you want to see me?
There is something I wanted to confirm.
I heard your ex-husband wanted to file for full child custody.
I am sure that is  why you sent Dong Jin Sunbae to me.
I heard the plans to file were cancelled, did your ex-husband decide to drop the complaint?
No.
We decided to live together again.
Why would you choose to do such a thing?
Because I want to protect something.
What do you want to protect?
Yeong Min?
Will that really protect Yeong Min?
He is at an age where he needs his father...
There is little I can do for him because he is a boy.
I will head off now.
Look after yourself, Sunbae.
People may not be tailing you, but many recognize you now.
What is okay?
I can't even get anything to go right. What is okay?
Nothing is okay.
I am a complete wreck.
I hit my head on something.
Why couldn't she just live a normal and relaxed life like them?
You must be busy with others things these days, yet I'm being troublesome again.
- Have another drink.
- Thank you, sir.
What do you mean, troublesome? Not at all.
All I did was put in word for them to do as they're told.
It's exactly as you mentioned before, right?
In our country, whistleblowers who report
internal issues such as borrowed-name funds and  accounting fraud
are not eligible in keeping their anonymity protected.
What kind of law was made so perfectly?
I guess it would be difficult to do business
if the country protected those who aren't loyal.
There are no plea bargains in our country either,
so there's no way to negotiate with the prosecutor like they do in movies.
One must follow the laws and regulations to be considered a developed country.
Good work, Director Kim.
- Give him another drink.
- Yes, sir.
Sir, will it be okay to do that to your son-in-law?
They say you have to raise your children with discipline.
The same goes for a dog.
I was wondering how things were going.
We're going to remarry.
Did Yoon Ji Soo agree as well?
Of course.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
What are you talking about?
I think things are going the wrong direction.
They'll bend back.
Do you fully trust Yoon Ji Soo?
I don't fully trust her, but I do fully know her.
Because she knows what she might lose, she won't try to resist.
Is it... because of Jae Hyeon?
I agreed to work with you because I was desperate, but I'm a little taken aback
but I'm a little taken aback by the kind of loving you do.
How can you live with someone who says they will give up their life for another man?
I thought you of all people would understand.
Was I wrong?
Lee Se Hoon met with your wife.
- Seo Kyeong?
- Yes.
I thought the black box camera looked a little different,
so I took a look at it...
Spring, 2000
Where are we going today?
The delivery point.
Kyeonggido? You're taking a car, right?
The subway.
Are you trying to save transportations fees for meal later?
You can't buy food to eat just because you have a bit of transportation fares left over.
Bundang
What happened to your shoe?
How would I know?
I told you I didn't want to ride the subway!
Where did you lose it?
I don't know.
I'm going to call Secretary Kim.
Where did you find it?
Where did you lose it?
I think it fell off as I was coming up the stairs.
I found it on the platform.
What happened to your face?
What's wrong with my face?
It's ugly.
What do you mean, it's ugly?
Everyone, fill your glasses.
We're starting a wave. Starting with me!
Clockwise.
I'm not going to drink.
- Drink it for her.
- What?
Okay, we'll skip Seo Kyeong and start from Jae Hyeon.
That's not a wave then.
Seo Kyeong seems to be weak with alcohol, so drink it for her.
You acted like you were a stickler to the rules, arguing that it wasn't a wave or whatever.
Is it okay for you to be out here like this during your work hours?
Staff dinners are an extension of your work.
What is it? Why are you being like this?
There's something I've lost.
Lost? What is it?
Money?
A person.
I lost something, too.
My mom.
From Ji Soo, back to Jae Hyeon. 1994
I want to protect it.
The End of That Summer
Lee Se Hoon
You haven't forgotten about tomorrow, right?
I know.
You know what to prepare?
Yes.
Certificate for Donation of Goods
Hopeful Sharing Flea Market
Jae Hyeon
Do you have time to meet up today?
I'll go to where you are.
No.
I'm a bit far away.
The subway is approaching Gangchon.
We are arriving at Gongchon station.
Gangchon.
Jae Hyeon - Ji Soo
To love for a hundred years. May 12 1995
You must be tired, go ahead and sleep.
I'm not that tired.
Then shall we go out and exercise?
This is what it means for the stars to be covering the sky.
Aren't you worried?
I am worried about what else my dad might do.
Why is he going to such lengths?
He's a prosecutor now, but his goal is to get involved in politics.
He needs money.
Getting me married into a wealthy family was his long-cherished dream.
He called you dearest...
Who?
You.
To whom?
Me.
Why?
Because I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry?
Because I love you.
♫  ♫
What did you say? I didn't hear it.
Forget it.
Come on, I really didn't hear. Can you say it one more time?
♫  ♫
It's the last time. Listen carefully.
Line 4 - Yong San
Ji Soo.
I found you again.
Good thing you're here.
Report of Marriage
Yoon Ji Su
Signature
Report of Marriage
Can we meet tomorrow? I have something I want to check.
Jae Hyeon, we should...
really end it now.
The reason I still long for the past, even though so many years have passed.
I think it's because we never properly broke up.
A real breakup.
Let's do our last farewells.
I can't do that.
I want to protect you.
♫ Please don’t say anything  ♫
It's not because I'm sorry,
and it's not because of regret or some sort of hope.
It's not I that I wanted to protect you.
I want to protect you,
because of this one thing.
Like you said before.
♫ Don’t ask me  ♫
This is the last train to Yong San.
♫ If it’s about the past  ♫
♫ Whatever the answer it is ♫
♫ I can’t tell you the truth ♫
♫ Just bury them in your heart ♫
♫ Words you wanted to say ♫
♫ That we called love ♫
♫ Even the scattered memories ♫
♫ We’ll see each other again ♫
♫ Give me a hug, then ♫
♫ Though I could't bring myself to do it today. ♫
♫ Do that instead of saying you're sorry.  ♫
To love for a hundred years. May 12 1995
To spend a hundred years in beauty
♫ Instead of saying the words I love you ♫
You held me captive without me knowing.
You should have been more careful if you were going to cause trouble, in today's world.
You should stop what you're trying to do.
I have no intent of doing so.
The video. You can release it to the world.
Will that really be okay? Your investigation isn't even over yet.
It doesn't matter. There's something I'm gaining from this as well.
You can take the child from the mother who had an affair.
I will take in the Ji Soo that has lost her child.
♫ In unfamiliar scenery ♫
♫ not yet lived ♫
♫ I’ve never faced such beauty ♫
When My Love Blooms
I've decided to interfere in Ji Soo's life.
Right now, I'm afraid that Ji Soo will disappear.
Goodbye, Sunbae.
I realized what it is you lost.
Did you know Jae Hyeon has a woman?
What if something happens to you while I'm gone?
I'm not going to avoid it. I'll confront it.
Whether it be someone or fate.